# Imran-Khan-Hara
Name :  Imran Khan Hara Born Place : Sibi (Balochistan) Education : Bsc In Biography  1:Motivational Speaker 2:Business man 3:Hard Working 4: Contributed Projects  The Balochistan province of  Pakistan is full of great talented youth who have proved their talents and visions to the world. Among those talented gems is Imran  Khan Hara.     Imran Khan Hara belong to the Sibi district which is the hottest region of Pakistan. He is a young Entrepreneur in the sector of E-commerce. He is the Founder and CEO of an online shop called Balochi Traditional Shop-BTS.       This  online shop is a brand of hand embroidered products called  (Kundi). Kundi is an embroidered thread work with unique designs  and colours created in the Tehsil Lahri of Sibi District.The  business was initially started by creating a page on facebook. The page became so popular that it's products were sold not only in Pakistan but  world wide too. The products were Customised Handmade  Wallets, bags, keychains and many others embroidered stuffs.       Imran khan Hara is performing multiple tasks to bring improvement in society.  He believes  in practical work  rather than just theories. It is the reason he takes  actions and performs  work on several  platforms and  serves the society. Facebook link ; http://www.Facebook.com/ImranKhanHara Twitter link ; http://www.Twitter.com/ImranKhanHara Instagram ; http://Www.instagram.com/ImranKhanHara     There is a long list of his contributions. He is an active member of many welfare organizations. He is the founder of campaign for Sibi green. He is also contributing as the Philanthropist, Culture &amp; Climate Change Activist, Traveller &amp; Influencer.     Imran khan Hara has a long journey of struggle. He was born in the deprived family of Sibi in the Balochistan province of Pakistan.  He had to work from an  early age to meet financial needs of his family. He sold rice (biryani), ran a shop,  worked in medical stores and many other efforts.  He was dropped out from the school but he resumed his education. He matriculated from Govt; boys high  school railway colony Sibi. He did intermediate from  Govt boys degree college sibi and later obtained BSc degree in Geography from University of Balochistan.    The Handicrafts of Balochistan has  drawn admiration and popularity throughout the  world. These Handicrafts  products are famous for the delicacy of its unique designs and  attractive colours. These art pieces are created mostly by females.They do not  go out of their houses for work. They produces handicrafts at home and after selling the products they generates additional earning for family   Balochistan has a low literacy  rate  and minimal  infrastructure.  Although Balochistan is rich in traditional Handicrafts but craftsmen did not have any platform to promote their handicraft. The valuable products were not even reached to the local markets properly. The lack of awareness and acknowledgment was fading their art work each passing day.  Balochi Traditional Shop-BTS is a social enterprise. It took a stand to restore their art  work and promote the products not only in Pakistan but internationally too. The skilled people were given a proper platform to sell their products without any hassle and  were guided to grow as per thier capacity. The quality of  handmade products was  collected  from skilled artisans and sold online. It provided them  employment opportunities and make them able to  sell their handicrafts goods to a high-end market.   Imran khan Hara has possitive attitude towards life . His perspective  of life is to smile in every situation. He believes that every work can be done with hard work  and without taking stress. The struggle should be done with smiling from inside, with inspiration and motivation. He help people with his motivational speeches and gives them hope and direction towards progress and prosperity. He lead needy  people to grow financially with dignity and grace.     Imran khan Hara is an inspiration to  the youngsters of Balochistan. Those  who wants to pursue their goals and progress by  bringing positive change in society He is setting an model role for others. he proved that with skills , talent  and hard work one  can overcome all difficulties and bring a  improvement in surroundings.  Now He want To Contribute Their Own Business And Convert Into A World Wide Business. All Over The Pakistan. People's Buy Thing's These Beautiful And TRADITIONAL product By E-commerce.  We Want To Show Bloachi Culture To The World. HOW to sucees And How To achieve Goals.... HE ALSO WANT TO MAKE HIS CITY SIBI BECOME MODERN AND MORE PEOPLE'S CAME IN PAKISTAN. AND GROW THE TOURIST WHICH IS A BEST RESOURCES OF PAKISTAN TO ERAN MONEY AND MAKE PAKISTAN HAPPY.... HIS WISHE IS TO PROVIDE EDUCATION TO EVERY PERSON OF PAKISTAN. AND HEPL THEM IN ECONOMIC GROW....
